Do they meet Victor Frankenstein (the main character who creates the monster)?

	Victor meets Victor Frankenstein. This requires no data analysis.

	The creature likely meets Victor near Chapter 3, when it first begins to occur in the novel. 
I might otherwise claim that the creature knows Victor before chapter 1, had I not skimmed the introduction already.
"creature" is used frequently in the introduction to refer to some other party, and this is likely the case throughout the novel, muddling my data.
For the sake of the exercise, I'll assume my data is otherwise flawless, and Chapter 3 is when the creature was actually created.

	Agatha appears to be first introduced near chapter 11, yet Victor is not present in any chapter where Agatha is, so I assume they do not meet. 

	Caroline appears to show up in the introduction, while Victor first exists in chapter 1. They might have met in chapter 1.

	De Lacey exists as early as chapter 13, but his existence does not overlap with Victor's. Therefore, they likely never meet.

	Elizabeth is introduced in chapter 1, as is Victor. They likely meet in chapter 1. 
	
	Ernest is introduced in chapter 6, in which Victor is > 0. They likely meet. 
	
	Felix is introduced near chapter 12. However, Victor is absent for the duration of Felix's existence, so they likely never meet.
	
	Henry is introduced near chapter 2. Victor and Henry likely meet. 
	
	Justine is introduced in chapter 6. She likely meets Victor.
	
	William is introduced in Chapter 6.  He likely meets Victor. 

•Do the meet the creature (the monster)?
	
	Victor <-> Creature already described.
	
	The creature could meet itself as soon as it is created. My limited understanding of the text suggests that happens when it first exists
This would imply that the creature first meets itself near Chapter 3.
	
	Agatha likely meets the creature, she persists past it's creation in chapter 3. It could have killed her when she stops existng in chapter 17.
	
	Caroline seems to meet the creature briefly in Chapter 7, but is never heard from again after that encounter. 
	
 	Elizabeth is prominent throughout the novel, much like the creature, so they undoubtedly met. The creature evidently did not kill her. 
	
	Ernest seems to exist immediately after Caroline's death, so perhaps he had a battle with the creature. He either survives until chapter 24, or dies before then. 
	
	Felix and Agatha have similar "lifespans", so perhaps he met the same fate as Agatha? He is mentioned in chapter 24 though, so perhaps he didn't die. 
	
	Henry seems to have survived the creature's wrath throughout. Absent for the majority of it's lifespan, but alive and well at the end of the novel.
	
	Justine spikes near chapter 8, so she met the creature and lived. 
	
	William is mentioned in chapter 20, so he lived the creature's rampage. 
	
•What is their relationship (if any) with/to Victor?
	My data does not inform me about their relationships, but I will guess anyway.
	
	Victor IS Victor.
	
	The creature was likely created by Victor. 
	
	Agatha might be an enemy of Victor, assuming the creature kills her. 
	
	Caroline dies by the creature's hand, so evidently an enemy of Victor.
	
	De Lacey never meets Victor.
	
	Elizabeth might be a friend of Victor, they might know each other before the book began. 
	
	Ernest might be a foe of Victor, or is a friend of the late Caroline.
	
	Felix never meets Victor. Indirectly connected through Agatha? 
	
	Henry might be a neutral party, as he lives to the end of the book. 
	
	Justine spikes in a chapter immediately after Victor spikes. Therefore the story briefly shifts from Victor's POV to Justine's.
Clearly this is the only possible conclusion.
	
	William also survives the end of the book, so probably not a direct enemy of Victor. 
	
•Do they die in the story, and if so, when?
	Victor clearly dies for chapters 10 through 17, but manages to return from the grave in chapters 18 to 24.
Or he's just not the focal point of the book when he's absent. 
	
	Agatha likely dies in Chapter 7, as she is never heard from again afterward.
	
	Caroline likely dies in chapter 7 as well, perhaps from a blast from the creature's laser vision. 
	
	De Lacey is too old to die, he is immortal. He just wandered off somewhere after chapter 17.
	
	Elizabeth is alive and well, Victor would not will the creature to harm a friend of his.
	
	Ernest may be heartbroken after his beloved Caroline died, but he does not die himself.
	
	Felix, a suitor of Agatha, mourns her loss, but carries on throughout the book.
	
	Henry, the slippery snail he is, didn't directly involve himself in any conflicts, and survived to the end of the book.
	
	Justine managed to live too, evident in her reappearance in the final chapters.
	
	William had a stroke between chapters 10 and 17, but he's okay now. On some medication, health on the rise.